[Draft] Crypto how-to: add JavaScript SDK examples (#3497)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/cryptography/howto-cryptography.md

## Encrypt

{{< tabs "JavaScript" "Go" >}}

{{% codetab %}}

<!--JavaScript-->

Using the Dapr SDK in your project, with the gRPC APIs, you can encrypt data in a buffer or a string:

```js
// When passing data (a buffer or string), `encrypt` returns a Buffer with the encrypted message
const ciphertext = await client.crypto.encrypt(plaintext, {
    // Name of the Dapr component (required)
    componentName: "mycryptocomponent",
    // Name of the key stored in the component (required)
    keyName: "mykey",
    // Algorithm used for wrapping the key, which must be supported by the key named above.
    // Options include: "RSA", "AES"
    keyWrapAlgorithm: "RSA",
});
```

> The APIs can also be used with streams, to encrypt data more efficiently when it comes from a stream. In the example below, we are encrypting a file, writing to another file, using streams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The APIs can also be used with streams, to encrypt data more efficiently when it comes from a stream. The example below encrypts a file, writing to another file, using streams:
```

rewording to avoid using first person "we"
